#FollowAlong/PSModuleInCSharp/README.md, before:

# Creating your first PowerShell module in C#

Emanuel PALM
Justin GROTE

Do you sometimes wish that you could access things just a little bit deeper in the .NET stack?
That you could use more of the published SDKs and packages as PowerShell commands?
That your modules would run a little bit faster?

Sometimes you encounter scenarios where writing your module in PowerShell is just not quite enough,
so in this follow-along session we'll take a look at situations where authoring modules in C# really shines.

We will use GitHub and git to create the project, and together write a simple PowerShell module using
the .NET SDK and Visual Studio Code with the C# and PowerShell extensions. During the session will go
through some of the tools and techniques not available when writing "normal" script modules,
and cover some core module concepts such as cmdlets, output streams and debugging.

By the end of the session we will have a finished module with fully working help documentation and tests,
ready to be shared with the community.

Commit message:

Updated session description and linked to setup information

#FollowAlong/PSModuleInCSharp/README.md, after:

# Creating your first PowerShell module in C#

Emanuel Palm & Justin Grote

Do you sometimes wish that you could access things just a little bit deeper in the .NET stack? That you could use more of the published SDKs and packages as PowerShell commands? That your modules would run a little bit faster?

Sometimes you encounter scenarios where writing your module in PowerShell is just not quite enough, so in this follow-along session we'll take a look at situations where authoring modules in C# really shines.

We will use GitHub and git to create the project, and together write a simple PowerShell module using the .NET SDK and Visual Studio Code with the C# and PowerShell extensions. During the session will go through some of the tools and techniques not available when writing "normal" script modules, and cover some core module concepts for developing modules in C#.

By the end of the session we will have a fully working module with tests, ready to be shared with the community.

## Prerequisites and Setup Information

All information for participating in this session can be found at [the session repository](https://github.com/PalmEmanuel/YourFirstPSModuleInCSharp#follow-along-setup).
